Hey sister
Who was that guy just now?
So brave
I actually want to do that to you
Hey him
His name is Li Dazhu
He is the village tyrant of Zhoujiazhuang
Ok, I didn't expect it.
There are such domineering and shameless people in this village
But you don't have to worry.
If he really dares to call someone over
I will tell the village chief
Let's see if he still wants this face.
Oh, right.
Didn't you just get killed by Li Dazhu?
Did you hit it with a brick?
How's it going?
Why is there nothing wrong now?
I'm fine, I've practiced ironhead
I'll get some medicine to wipe this later.
Just reduce the swelling
I go to Tietou Gong
Shaolin Temple
Almost, haha.
Hey, by the way, Xiao Zhang
You go to the health station to report in the afternoon
There is no accommodation at the health station.
Where are you going to live?
Why don't you live with Sister Mei?
And look, my house is so big.
It's a waste of me living on my own
Besides, Li Dazhu often comes to harass me
I live with you.
You can rest assured.